We live in uncertain times with restrictions on what we can do socially and many people are turning to entertainment for relaxation, connection, comfort and stimulation. In Q1 and Q2, we saw significant pull-forward of our underlying adoption leading to huge growth in the first half of this year (26 million paid net adds vs. prior year of 12 million). As a result, we expect less growth for the second half of 2020 compared to the prior year. As we navigate these turbulent circumstances, we’re focused on our members by continuing to improve the quality of our service and bringing new films and shows to people's screens. Our Q2 summary results and forecast for Q3 are in the table below. Ted Sarandos appointed co-CEO and elected to Board of Directors Ted joined Netflix over 20 years ago, and we are thrilled to appoint him to be co-CEO with Reed. “Ted has been my partner for decades. This change makes formal what was already informal -- that Ted and I share the leadership of Netflix,” says Hastings. Lead Independent director Jay Hoag says “Having watched Reed and Ted work together for so long, the board and I are confident this is the right step to evolve Netflix’s management structure so that we can continue to best serve our members and shareholders for years to come.” 1Ted will also continue to serve as Chief Content Officer. In addition, Greg Peters has been appointed COO adding to his Chief Product Officer role. “We want Greg to help us stay aligned and effective as we grow so quickly around the world,” said Hastings. Q2 Results and Q3 Forecast In Q2, revenue grew 25% year over year, while quarterly operating income exceeded $1 billion. Average streaming paid memberships in Q2 rose 25% year over year while streaming ARPU increased 0.4% year over year. Excluding a -$289m impact from foreign exchange (F/X), streaming ARPU grew 5% year over year. Operating margin expanded 770 basis points year over year to 22.1%, above our guidance forecast due to higher than expected membership and revenue growth. In addition, content and marketing expenses were lower than we expected, as the pandemic delayed some planned spend. EPS of $1.59 vs. $0.60 a year ago included a $119m non-cash unrealized loss from F/X remeasurement on our Euro denominated debt and a $220m non-cash valuation allowance for deferred tax assets (due to recent legislation limiting the use of California R&D credits). Our Q2 effective tax rate of 30.5% includes about a 21% point negative impact due to the valuation allowance. We added a Q2-record 10.1m paid memberships vs. 2.7m in last year’s Q2. The positive variance relative to our 7.5m forecast was due to better-than-forecast acquisition and retention. In the first half of this year, we’ve added 26m paid memberships, nearly on par with the 28m we achieved in all of 2019. However, as we expected (and can be seen in the graph below), growth is slowing as consumers get through the initial shock of Covid and social restrictions. Our paid net additions for the month of June also included the subscriptions we cancelled for the small percentage of members who had not used the ​ ​ service recently. 2The quarterly guidance we provide is our actual internal forecast at the time we report and we strive for accuracy. We forecast 2.5m paid net adds for Q3’20 vs. 6.8m in the prior year quarter. As we indicated in our Q1’20 letter, we’re expecting paid net adds will be down year over year in the second half as our strong first half performance likely pulled forward some demand from the second half of the year. In addition, Q3’19 included the positive impact of new seasons of both Stranger Things and La Casa de ​ ​ ​ Papel (aka Money Heist). We continue to view the quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in paid net adds as not ​ ​ ​ that meaningful in the context of the long run adoption of internet entertainment which we believe provides us with many years of strong growth ahead. For the full year 2020, we’re still targeting a 16% operating margin. We’re currently on track to exceed 16% although F/X (and the relative strength of the US dollar) remains a wildcard. As always, our intention is to grow our annual operating margin year over year - we’re currently targeting 19% for 2021. Content As the world slowly re-opens, our main business priority is to restart our productions safely and in a manner consistent with local health and safety standards to ensure that our members can enjoy a diverse range of high quality new content. Given the significant differences between countries (e.g., incidence of new Covid-19 cases, availability of testing, government and industry regulations), there is no one-size-fits-all approach, and we’re adapting to local circumstances. Today, we’re slowly resuming productions in many parts of the world. We are furthest along in Asia Pacific (where we never fully shut down in Korea, for example) and are now shooting live action series like season 2 of our Japanese original The Naked Director. In EMEA, we are now back in production in ​ ​ many countries, including Germany, France, Spain, Poland, Italy, and the UK. While we recently resumed production on two films in California and two stop-motion animation projects in Oregon and expect some more of our US productions to get going this quarter, current infection trends create more uncertainty for our productions in the US. Parts of the world like India and some of Latin America are also more challenging and we are hoping to restart later in the year in these regions. Since our content production lead time is long, our 2020 plans for launching original shows and films continue to be largely intact. For 2021, based on our current plan, we expect the paused productions will lead to a more second half weighted content slate in terms of our big titles, although we anticipate the total number of originals for the full year will still be higher than 2020. We’ll also round out our content offering with film acquisitions like The Trial of the Chicago 7 from Aaron Sorkin and The ​ ​ ​ Spongebob Movie: Sponge on the Run (global excluding US and China). We also acquired nearly ​ completed seasons of unreleased original series like Cobra Kai (seasons 1, 2 and a brand new season 3) ​ ​ and Emily in Paris starring Lily Collins. ​ ​ The pandemic and pauses in production are impacting our competitors and suppliers similarly. With our large library of thousands of titles and strong recommendations, we believe our member satisfaction will remain high. 3In Q2, we notched successes in many of our key content verticals. In English scripted TV, Never Have I ​ Ever, a fun, young adult dramedy from Mindy Kaling, broke through with 40m households choosing to ​ watch this show in its first four weeks, and 40m households for our new comedy Space Force (starring ​ ​ Steve Carell). On the heels of Love is Blind, Too Hot to Handle and Floor is Lava are the latest in our line ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ of buzzy unscripted shows (51m and a projected 37m households, respectively, in the first four weeks). In original films, 27 million households chose to watch Spike Lee’s Da 5 Bloods, which was celebrated as ​ ​ a “soul stirring film for the ages.” Extraction (starring Chris Hemsworth) and The Wrong Missy, a comedy ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ starring David Spade and Lauren Lapkus, were also big hits with audiences (99m and 59m households, respectively, chose to watch in their first 28 days). In addition, The Willoughbys (38m households in the ​ ​ first four weeks) is an example of the level of animated feature film we are ramping towards to bolster our offering for kids and families. We also saw increased viewing for some older titles like 13th, American Son and Dear White People - all ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ part of our Black Lives Matter Collection - as our members sought out stories that speak to racial ​ ​ injustice and the Black experience in America. Our local language originals - like Dark in Germany, Control Z in Mexico, Extracurricular in Korea, The ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Woods in Poland, or Blood & Water in South Africa - continue to be highly impactful, driving large ​ ​ ​ viewing, buzz and sign-ups in their home countries. We continue to see these stories find audiences all over the world. The best example of this was La Casa de Papel (aka Money Heist): Part 4, which we ​ ​ launched on April 3; through its first 28 days, 65m households chose to watch this hit show. For Q3, we recently released The Old Guard (starring Charlize Theron), which continues our recent string ​ ​ of adrenaline-filled action movies. Later in July, we’re looking forward to launching season 2 of The ​ Umbrella Academy, followed by The Kissing Booth 2 (the sequel to our hit romantic comedy), Project ​ ​ ​ ​ Power (an action movie starring Jamie Foxx) and Enola Holmes (featuring Millie Bobbie Brown as the ​ ​ ​ sister of Sherlock Holmes, played by Henry Cavill) later in the quarter. Product and Partnerships We continue to test different pricing approaches in some countries including lower priced, mobile-only plans and our bundled offerings with MVPDs and ISPs. While some of these carry lower ARPU, the goal is to accelerate membership growth on neutral-to-better short term revenue (with incremental acquisition and improved retention offsetting the lower price). We think this strategy will increase long term revenue as a larger membership base can generate more word-of-mouth around our content and help us better understand peoples’ needs in that country - so that we can more quickly improve our catalog and product experience, which would then lead to higher member satisfaction and growth as well as improved long term retention. A very small percentage of our members have not watched anything for the last two years and although we make it easy for people to cancel their subscriptions with just a few clicks, they have not taken advantage of that ability. So we decided to stop billing them and will do so for members meeting the same criteria going forward. Like all of our former members, they can easily restart their membership in the future. While this change resulted in a slight hit to revenue, we believe that pro-consumer policies 4like this are the right thing to do and that the long term benefits will outweigh the short term costs. In a world where consumers have many subscriptions, auto-pause on billing after an extended period of non-use should be how leading services operate. Competition All of the major entertainment companies like WarnerMedia, Disney and NBCUniversal are pushing their own streaming services and two of the most valuable companies in the world, Apple and Amazon, are growing their investment in premium content. In addition, TikTok’s growth is astounding, showing the fluidity of internet entertainment. Instead of worrying about all these competitors, we continue to stick to our strategy of trying to improve our service and content every quarter faster than our peers. Our continued strong growth is a testament to this approach and the size of the entertainment market. Cash Flow and Capital Structure Net cash generated in operating activities in Q2 was +$1 billion vs. -$544 million in the prior year period. Free cash flow1 was positive for a second consecutive quarter at +$899m vs. -$594 million. Free cash flow was higher than net income due primarily to the loss on FX remeasurement and the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, both of which were non-cash items that reduced net income. Our FCF profile is continuing to improve, which is being driven in part by our growing operating margin and the digestion of our big move into the production of Netflix originals that requires more cash upfront vs. licensed content. In addition, the pause in production has also pushed out cash spending on content into the second half of 2020 and into 2021. Due to the pause in production from the pandemic combined with higher-than-forecast paid net adds year to date, we now expect free cash flow for the full year 2020 to be breakeven to positive, compared with our prior expectation for -$1 billion or better. As we indicated last quarter, in 2021 we project that full year free cash flow will dip back to being negative again, although we believe the FCF deficit will be materially better than our peak deficit level of -$3.3 billion in 2019. There has been no material change in our overall estimated timetable to reach consistent annual positive FCF within the next few years. We’re often asked by investors what our FCF profile would be at “steady state” or when our cash content spending matches our content amortization. The pandemic and the resulting pause in productions provides one early snapshot of what that may look like. In Q2’20, our cash spending on content was $2.6 billion, equivalent to our content amortization of $2.6 billion, or a 1x cash content-to-content amortization ratio2. This resulted in a FCF margin of +15% in Q2. Of course, our plan is to continue to grow our content spend (as we don’t believe we are anywhere near maturity), but the above analysis may prove illustrative. And by the time our cash content-to-content amortization ratio 1 For a reconciliation of free cash flow to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, please refer to the reconciliation in tabular form on the attached unaudited financial statements and the footnotes thereto. 2 For additional details on these concepts, please refer to our Content Accounting Overview slide deck on our investor relations site. ​ ​ 5reaches 1x on a sustained basis (which is still many years away), we hope to have many more members and much greater revenue, operating margin and FCF. In April, we raised $1 billion of debt at a blended rate of ~3.3% across both US dollar and Euro tranches. We ended Q2 with more than $7 billion of cash and cash equivalents on our balance sheet. As part of our commitment to racial equity, we allocated about two percent of our cash holdings - initially up to $100 million - into financial institutions and organizations that directly support Black ​ communities in the US. We hope other US large-caps will also consider taking this small and relatively ​ easy step to bolster US racial economic equity. With our cash balance, $750 million credit facility (which remains undrawn) and improving FCF profile, we have sufficient liquidity to fund our operations for over 12 months. As a result, we don’t expect to access the debt markets for the remainder of 2020 and we believe our need for external financing is diminishing. Reference For quick reference, our eight most recent investor letters are: April 2020, January 2020, October 2019, ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ July 2019, April 2019, January 2019, October 2018, July 2018. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 6