We achieved several milestones in 2021: we had the biggest TV show of the year (Squid Game), our two biggest film releases of all time (Red NoticeandDon’t Look Up) and Netflix was the most Emmy-winning and most nominated TV network and the most Oscar-winning and nominated movie studio of 2021. Full year revenue of $30 billion grew 19% year over year while operating income of $6.2 billion rose 35% year over year. We finished Q4 with 222m paid memberships (with 8.3m paid net adds in Q4). Even in a world of uncertainty and increasing competition, we’re optimistic about our long-term growth prospects as streaming supplants linear entertainment around the world. We're continually improving Netflix so that we can please our members, grow our share of leisure time and lead in this transition. Our summary results and forecast are below. Q4 Results and Q1 Forecast Revenue in Q4’21 grew 16% year over year with a 9% increase in average paid memberships. ARM1rose 7% year over year on both a reported and foreign exchange (F/X) neutral basis, two percentage points faster than Q3’21 (ex-F/X). Operating margin for Q4 amounted to 8%, a six percentage point decrease vs. the year ago period. The decline in operating margin was expected given our large content slate in Q4 this year. Operating margin was above our beginning of quarter forecast of 6.5% due to slightly lower than forecasted content spend. As a result, our full year operating margin was 21% vs. 18% in 2020, 1ARM(Average Revenue per Membership) is defined asstreaming revenue divided by the average number of streaming paid memberships divided by the number of months in the period. These figures do not include sales taxes or VAT. 1above our 20% guidance forecast. EPS in Q4 of $1.33 vs. $1.19 a year ago included a $104m non-cash unrealized gain from FX remeasurement on our Euro denominated debt. We slightly over-forecasted paid net adds in Q4 (8.3m actual compared to the 8.5m paid net adds in both the year ago quarter and our beginning of quarter projection). For the full year 2021, paid net adds totaled 18m vs 37m in 2020. Our service continues to grow globally, with more than 90% of our paid net adds in 2021 coming from outside the UCAN region. Nonetheless, our UCAN region added 1.2m paid memberships in Q4’21 (vs. 0.9m last year), marking our strongest quarter of member growth in this region since the early days of COVID-19 in 2020. In APAC, we increased paid memberships by 2.6m (vs. 2.0m in the year ago quarter) with strong growth in both Japan and India. EMEA was our largest contributor to paid net adds in Q4 (3.5m vs. 4.5m in the prior year period) and the region delivered record quarterly revenue, exceeding $2.5 billion for the first time. LATAM paid net adds totaled 1.0m vs. 1.2m last year. As a reminder, the quarterly guidance we provide is our actual internal forecast at the time we report. That means in some quarters our results will be high relative to our guidance forecast and in others it will be low, as can be seen in the chart below. As our membership base continues to grow, there will naturally be more volatility in our absolute paid net adds performance vs. forecast. For Q1’22, we forecast paid net adds of 2.5m vs. 4.0m in the year ago quarter. Our guidance reflects a more back-end weighted content slate in Q1’22 (for example,BridgertonS2 and our new original film The Adam Projectwill both be launching in March).In addition, while retention and engagement remain healthy, acquisition growth has not yet re-accelerated to pre-Covid levels. We think this may be due to several factors including the ongoing Covid overhang and macro-economic hardship in several parts of the world like LATAM. 2For 2022, we are currently targeting an operating margin of 19%-20% (assuming no material swings in foreign currency from current levels). Our operating margin outlook is driven by two main factors. First, as seen in the chart below, we delivered above the three percentage point annual linear progression over the past two years (average of four percentage points per year). Second, theUS dollar has strengthened meaningfullyagainst most other currencies. With ~60% of our revenue outside of the US due to our international success, we estimate that the US dollar’s appreciation over the past six months has cost us roughly $1 billion in expected 2022 revenue (as a reminder, we don’t hedge). With the vast majority of our expenses in US dollars, this translates into an estimated two percentage point negative impact on our 2022 operating margin. As we have written in the past, over the medium term we believe we can adjust our pricing and cost structure for a stronger US dollar world. In the near term, we want to continue to invest appropriately in our business and don’t want to over-react to F/X fluctuations to the detriment of our long term growth. There is no change to our goal of steadily growing our operating margin at an average increase of three percentage points per year over any few year period. 3Content Our Q4 content slate epitomizes what we strive for: a wide variety of quality TV series and films. We had a number of big hits in Q4. We released new seasons of returning shows likeThe Witcher(484 million hours viewed2),You(468m hours viewed),Emily inParis(287 million hours viewed) and on December 31, Cobra Kai(274m hours viewed*), as well as the criticallyacclaimed limited seriesMaid(469m hours viewed). The dystopian Korean thrillerSquid Game- a late Q3 release that broke through globally early in Q4 - generated 1.65 billion hours viewed in its first four weeks and is now our biggest TV season ever. The fourth quarter also featured the conclusion to one of our most popular shows -La Casa de Papelaka Money Heist(6.7 billion hours viewed over its lifetime).We’re excited to expand theLCDPuniverse with our Korean adaptation,Money Heist: Korea - JointEconomic Area, launching later this year. Over the years, we’ve learned that big hits can come from anywhere in the world (with great subtitles and dubbing), as we’ve seen withLa Casa de Papel,Squid Game, andLupinto name just a few. But our goal with non-English originals is to first and foremost thrill audiences in their home country. And in the quarter, we saw big local viewing for titles such asLove is Blind Brazil,My Namefrom Korea, superhero filmMinnal Muralifrom India and Danish thrillerThe Chestnut Man. Film is incredibly important for our members, which is why our ambition has always been to work with the world’s best filmmakers and stars to create a wide variety of quality movies. We took a large step forward in Q4 on this front with our biggest film slate ever. Our blockbusterRed Notice(starring Dwayne Johnson, Gal Gadot, and Ryan Reynolds) quickly became our most popular movie launch of all-time with 364 million hours viewed in its first four weeks. Other hits this quarter includeThe Unforgivable,starring 2Hours viewed data is based on the first 28 days of release. For titles released less than 28 days (denoted with an asterisk), data is from launch date through January 18, 2022. As a reminder, we publish weekly our top titles based on hours viewed atNetflix Top 10. 4Sandra Bullock (215m hours viewed),Army of the DeadprequelArmy of Thieves(158m hours viewed), feel-good holiday romcomLove Hardwith Jimmy O. Yangand Nina Dobrev (134m hours viewed), animated featureBack to the Outback(105m hours viewed)andThe Harder They Fall(122m hours viewed). On Christmas Eve, we released the star-studded satireDon’t Look Up(featuring Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Lawrence, Rob Morgan, Jonah Hill, Timothée Chalamet, Tyler Perry and Meryl Streep), which is already our second most popular film ever with 353m* hours viewed. Overall in 2021, Netflix series accounted for six out of the 10 most searched shows globally while our films represented two of the top 10. Google Year in Search, 2021 (Global) In November we debuted our mobile games experience globally on Android and iOS. Members can now discover and launch games from within the Netflix mobile app. Since launch, we released an additional five games, bringing the total to ten for 2021. It’s still very early days but we’re pleased with our progress. In 2022, we’ll expand our portfolio of games across both casual and core gaming genres as we continue to program a breadth of game types to learn what our members enjoy most. Marketing & Communications One of our goals with marketing is to help drive conversation about and passion for our titles. We know that Netflix fans want to dive deeper into what they watch with behind-the-scenes details, interviews, and updates. To make it easier and more engaging for our fans, we’ve launched the siteTudum(named after our “sonic logo”) as a home for extending stories and conversation and further building fandom for our TV shows and films. Product & Pricing Netflix offers a wide variety of TV shows and films to its members, which we know they value. We also work hard to make it easy for members to access this content. For instance, in October, we introduced voice-driven Play Something, first on Amazon Fire TV devices (TVs, sticks, and set top boxes). Now, members can simply say “Play Something on Netflix” or “Play a movie on Netflix” and playback will start 5regardless of whether you are browsing Netflix or another service. If they don’t like what’s playing, simply saying “play something else” or “next” will play the next title in the list. Voice-driven Play Something makes choosing effectively effortless. In December, welowered our pricesin India acrossall four plans. India is fairly unique because pay TV pricing is very low. We believe these new prices will make Netflix more accessible to a broader swath of the population - strengthening our value perception. Our goal is to maximize long term revenue in each of our markets. Competition Consumers have always had many choices when it comes to their entertainment time - competition that has only intensified over the last 24 months as entertainment companies all around the world develop their own streaming offering. While this added competition may be affecting our marginal growth some, we continue to grow in every country and region in which these new streaming alternatives have launched. This reinforces our view that the greatest opportunity in entertainment is the transition from linear to streaming and that with under 10% of total TV screen time in the US, our biggest market, Netflix has tremendous room for growth if we can continue to improve our service. Cash Flow and Capital Structure Net cash generated by operating activities in Q4 was -$403 million vs. -$138 million in the prior year period. Free cash flow (FCF)3for the quarter was-$569 million vs. -$284 million in Q4‘20. For the full year 2021, FCF amounted to -$159 million, in-line with our expectation for “approximately break-even.” We didn’t engage in share repurchases in Q4 as we funded our acquisition of the Roald Dahl Story Company from cash on hand during the quarter. We anticipate being free cash flow positive for the full year 2022 and beyond. As a reminder, we prioritize our cash to reinvest in our core business and to fund new growth opportunities like gaming, followed by selective acquisitions. We’re also targeting $10-$15 billion of gross debt. We finished Q4 with gross debt of $15.5 billion and we’ll pay down $700 million of our senior notes due in Q1’22. After satisfying those uses of cash, excess cash above our minimum cash levels will be returned to shareholders via stock repurchases. Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) While our current governance structure has served our shareholders extraordinarily well with a sustained period of substantial growth, we’ve clearly proven our business model: streaming is now an established business, we’re self-funding and expect sustained positive free cash flow, and we’ve substantially scaled our revenues, operating profit and margin. So the Netflix Board has decided to evolve to a more standard large-cap governance structure and will recommend several changes at our 3For a reconciliation of free cash flow to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, please refer to the reconciliation in tabular form on the attached unaudited financial statements and the footnotes thereto. 6next annual meeting. These include declassifying our board, removing supermajority voting provisions in our charter and bylaws, and enabling shareholders to call special meetings. We will also change the voting standard for our directors in uncontested elections. Long Term Stock Price Performance In each January investor letter, we provide an update on our long term stock performance. We continue to manage our business for the long term and under the belief that pleasing our members will lead to strong value creation for our fellow shareholders. We thank our equity and debt investors for their trust and for coming along with us on our journey to build one of the world’s leading entertainment companies. Annualized Performance (%)* 1 Year 3 Year 5 Year 10 Year Since IPO NFLX 11% 31% 37% 51% 38% S&P 500 29% 26% 18% 17% 10% NASDAQ 22% 34% 25% 21% 13% Cumulative Return (%)* 1 Year 3 Year 5 Year 10 Year Since IPO NFLX 11% 125% 387% 5985% 56128% S&P 500 29% 100% 133% 362% 548% NASDAQ 22% 142% 206% 576% 1052%  As of 12/31/21. Source: Bloomberg and Google Finance. For NFLX, based on IPO price, split adjusted. IPO was May 22, 2002. Total Shareholder Returns basis. Reference Our eight most recent investor letters are:October2021, July 2021,April 2021,January 2021,October 2020,July 2020,April 2020,January 2020. 7