Revenue surpassed $4.5 billion in Q1 and we recorded the highest quarterly paid net adds in our history (9.6m, up 16% year over year). For 20 years, we’ve had the same strategy: when we please our members, they watch more and we grow more. Q1 Results and Q2 Forecast In Q1’19, average streaming paid memberships increased 26% year over year, while ARPU decreased 2% year over year due to currency headwinds. Excluding F/X, global streaming ARPU improved 3% year over year and 2% sequentially. Year over year total revenue growth of 22% compares against 40% in Q1’18, which benefited from several price changes that took place in Q4’17 as well as F/X. On a F/X-neutral basis, Q1’19 revenue grew 28% year over year. Operating margin of 10.2% exceeded our beginning-of-quarter expectation as some spending was shifted from Q1 to later in the year. EPS of $0.76, vs. $0.64 in the prior year period, included a $58 million non-cash unrealized gain from F/X remeasurement on our Euro denominated debt. Streaming content obligations dipped sequentially in Q1 due in part to the timing of run-of-series commitments. In addition, as we shift to more original content, there will be greater variability in content obligations 1quarter-to-quarter due to the timing of when productions start. We early-adopted the new content accounting standard (ASU 2019-2) in Q1’19. There is no material impact as our content accounting policies are already consistent with the new rules. Paid net adds in Q1 were 9.6 million (with 1.74m in the US and 7.86m internationally), up 16% year over year, representing a new quarterly record. As always, our quarterly guidance is our internal forecast at the time we report. For Q2’19, we project total paid net adds of 5.0m (-8% year over year), with 0.3m in the US and 4.7m for the international segment. This would put us at 14.6m paid net adds for the first half of 2019, up 7% year over year. We’re working our way through a series of price increases in the US, Brazil, Mexico and parts of Europe. The response in the US so far is as we expected and is tracking similarly to what we saw in Canada following our Q4’18 increase, where our gross additions are unaffected, and we see some modest short-term churn effect as members consent to the price change. We’re looking forward to a strong slate of global content in the second half of the year, including new seasons of some of our biggest series, Stranger Things (July 4th), 13 Reasons Why, Orange is the New Black, The Crown and La Casa de ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​​ Papel (aka Money Heist) as well as big films like Michael Bay’s Six Underground and Martin Scorsese’s ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ The Irishman, and expect another year of record annual paid net adds in 2019. ​ We forecast an acceleration in both streaming ARPU (+2% vs. -2%) and total revenue growth (26% vs. 22%) in Q2 vs. Q1. Excluding currency, we forecast streaming ARPU and total revenue would rise 7% and 32%, respectively in Q2. While there will be some quarter-to-quarter lumpiness in operating margins due to the timing of spending, our full year 2019 operating margin target of 13% is unchanged, which means that we expect operating margin in the second half of the year will be higher than the first half. 2As a result of US tax reform, we took the opportunity to simplify our corporate structure. This will result in a higher effective tax rate in 2019, including an expected effective tax rate of 48% in Q2’19 due to one time discrete events. Longer term, we expect our effective tax rate to trend down toward U.S. federal rates. Content We program Netflix with a wide breadth of content to satisfy the diverse tastes of our nearly 150m paid members and the hundreds of millions of people we hope will one day join Netflix. We continue to see big successes across our programming categories. For Q1’19, in scripted English language TV, we premiered another big hit in Umbrella Academy, based on the comic book by Gerard Way and Gabriel ​ ​ Bá, which has been watched by 45 million member households in its first four weeks on service. Our original films effort built on the momentum from our Q4 blockbuster Bird Box with Triple Frontier, ​ ​ ​ ​ starring Ben Affleck and directed by J.C. Chandor. This action/heist movie has been watched by over 52 million member households in its first four weeks on Netflix. The Highwaymen (starring Kevin Costner ​ ​ and Woody Harrelson as two lawmen that bring Bonnie and Clyde to justice) is on track to being watched by over 40 million member households in its first month. Our documentary feature FYRE: The Greatest Party That Never Happened has been watched by over 20 ​ ​ million member households in its first month on Netflix. In early April, we unveiled Our Planet, our most ​ ​ ambitious entry into the popular nature documentary genre. More than four years in the making and shot in 50 different countries, Our Planet is off to a strong start and is tracking to be one of our most ​ ​ successful global documentary series launches yet, with over 25 million member households projected to watch in the first month of release. We launched our originals effort for the unscripted genre two years ago with several successful English-language formats like the light hearted cooking competition Nailed It!. We’re building on that ​ ​ success by launching locally adapted versions in Mexico, France, Germany and Spain. ¡Nailed It!: México ​ was the first and launched on February 8, achieving three times more first-month watchers in Mexico than the dubbed US version. Our non-English language originals continue to be successful for us and we recently announced that Bela Bajaria, who has overseen some of our most successful scripted and unscripted titles, will now lead this programming category for original series in LatAm, EMEA and India. We premiered our first large scale Korean original series, Kingdom, in January. This period piece with zombies is our most successful season ​ ​ one show in Korea to date and has also been watched by millions of members outside of Korea with particularly strong viewing throughout Asia. Durante la Tormenta (aka Mirage) is a successful ​ ​ ​ ​ Spanish-language original film that debuted in the quarter and has seen broad viewing across the world. We’re thrilled for the creators of our content when they are recognized for their exceptional work. We’re proud that last year Netflix became the most nominated network at the Emmys and now has tied to become the #2 most nominated studio at the Oscars; we tied for most wins in both, including major 3Oscar wins for Alfonso Cuarón for Best Director and Best Cinematographer for Roma, which also won for ​ ​ Best Foreign Language Feature. Marketing Our CMO, Kelly Bennett, will be retiring this year after an amazing seven year run. During this time, Kelly was a key contributor to the transformation of Netflix from a primarily domestic service with only 2nd run content to a global service launching an unprecedented amount of original programming and we thank Kelly for his hard work. Ted Sarandos has led content for nearly 20 years here, and is ready to run both content and marketing, so he is leading the search for the new CMO, who will report to him. Product and Partnerships We’ve been expanding our bundling initiative and we are now distributing Netflix through ten different operator bundles across the globe. To date, these bundles have had a positive effect on our business, driving incremental acquisition at similar economics to other partnerships where Netflix is offered ȧ la carte. Later in Q2 we’ll be running a test to improve our UK member experience by releasing weekly top 10 lists of the most popular content on our UK service across various programming categories. For those who want to watch what others are watching, this may make choosing titles even easier. After a few months we’ll decide whether to end or expand the test. Competition Recently, Apple and Disney each unveiled their direct-to-consumer subscription video services. Both companies are world class consumer brands and we’re excited to compete; the clear beneficiaries will be content creators and consumers who will reap the rewards of many companies vying to provide a great video experience for audiences. We don’t anticipate that these new entrants will materially affect our growth because the transition from linear to on demand entertainment is so massive and because of the differing nature of our ​ content offerings. We believe we’ll all continue to grow as we each invest more in content and improve ​ our service and as consumers continue to migrate away from linear viewing (similar to how US cable networks collectively grew for years as viewing shifted from broadcast networks during the 1980s and 1990s). We believe there is vast demand for watching great TV and movies and Netflix only satisfies a small portion of that demand. Last quarter, we talked about how our streaming hours in the US (our most ​ ​ mature market) on TV still only represents roughly 10% of total TV usage. We are much smaller and have even more room to grow in other countries and on other devices like mobile. For instance, Sandvine estimates our share of global1 downstream mobile internet traffic is about 2%. 1 The Sandvine data does not include significant data from either China or India. 4Source: Sandvine, The Mobile Internet Phenomena Report (February 2019) Cash Flow and Capital Structure Net cash used in operating activities in Q1’19 was -$380 million vs. -$237 million in the prior year period. Free cash flow2 totaled -$460 million vs. -$287 million in the year ago quarter. As a reminder, the gap between net income and free cash flow is primarily driven by our investment in originals and self produced content where the cash spending is more front end loaded than for second run licensed programming (where cash payments are generally spread over the term of the license). We now expect 2019 free cash flow deficit to be modestly higher at approximately -$3.5 billion due to higher cash taxes related to the change in our corporate structure and additional investments in real estate and other infrastructure. We’re still expecting free cash flow to improve in 2020 and each year thereafter, driven by our growing member base, revenues, and operating margins. There’s no change to our plan to use the high yield market to finance our cash needs. We recently upsized our revolving credit facility from $500 million to $750 million (which remains undrawn) at the same cost and extended the term from 2022 to 2024. Reference For quick reference, our eight most recent investor letters are: January 2019, October 2018, July 2018, ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ April 2018, January 2018, October 2017, July 2017, April 2017. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2 For a reconciliation of free cash flow to net cash (used in) operating activities, please refer to the reconciliation in tabular form on the attached unaudited financial statements and the footnotes thereto. 5