In Q2, we eclipsed 65 million members, with over 42 million in the US and 23 million internationally. We are at the forefront of a wave of global Internet TV adoption and intend to make our service available throughout the world by the end of 2016. Our summary results and Q3 forecast are below. Q2 Results and Q3 Forecast We added a Q2 record 3.3 million new streaming members, compared to 1.7 million in the previous year quarter. As a reminder, the quarterly guidance we provide is our actual internal forecast at the time we report and we clearly under-forecast in Q2 (forecast was 2.5 million net adds). We strive for accuracy in the forecast and our Q3 estimates are based on everything we know up to today. We gained 0.9 million members in the US and added 2.4 million members internationally in Q2. We believe the higher than anticipated level of acquisition was fueled by the growing strength of our original programming slate, which in Q2 included the first seasons of Marvel’s Daredevil, Sense8, ​ ​ ​ Dragons: Race to the Edge and Grace and Frankie as well as season 3 of Orange is the New Black. US ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ revenue growth was also driven by a 5% year over year increase in ASP due to uptake in our HD 2-stream plan. We continue to target a 40% US contribution margin by 2020, even though we are running ahead of plan given stronger than expected top line performance and lower content and other streaming costs. We are forecasting Q3 US net adds of 1.15 million, slightly higher than the year ago period. Our international segment is growing at a rapid pace. We did not add additional markets in Q2 but saw continued improvement across existing markets, including a full quarter of additions from our successful March 24, 2015 launch in Australia/New Zealand. We project Q3 international net adds of 2.4 million. International revenue grew 48% year over year, despite an -$83 million impact from currency (+5% ASP growth x-F/X). As we expected, international losses increased sequentially with a full quarter of operating costs in AU/NZ. We expect this trend to continue in the second half as we launch additional markets (Japan in Q3 and Spain, Italy and Portugal in Q4) and prepare for further global expansion in 2016, including China as we continue to explore options there. EPS for Q2 amounted to $0.06 after adjustment for our 7-for-1 stock split (EPS would have been $0.42 using pre-split share count). We remain committed to running around break-even globally on a net income basis through 2016, and to then deliver material global profits in 2017 and beyond. Content We are making great progress shifting to exclusive content and expanding our original content, which differentiates our service, drives enjoyment for existing members and helps motivate consumers to join Netflix. In Q2, we launched our largest number to date of high profile Netflix original series. On April 10, Marvel’s Daredevil debuted to strong audience engagement, particularly for a new show. Grace and ​ ​ Frankie, the bittersweet comedy starring Lily Tomlin and Jane Fonda which launched on May 8, also has ​ found a broad and appreciative audience around the world. Both series have already begun their second season of production. 2Our global expansion extends to our content strategy as well. Sense8, the mind-bending cinematic ​ ​ thriller from the Wachowski siblings and J. Michael Straczynski that debuted June 5, is an ambitious, truly international show with talent behind and in front of the camera from multiple countries. Similarly, on August 7, we will launch in all territories our first non-English language original, Club de ​ Cuervos, a family comedy set in the world of futbol from Mexican filmmaker Gaz Alazraki, and on August ​​ ​ ​ 28, Narcos, a gripping account of the roots of the cocaine trade, shot in Colombia and starring the great ​​ ​​ Brazilian star Wagner Moura as Pablo Escobar. The original documentary Chef’s Table and our latest DreamWorks Animation series Dragons: Race to ​ ​ ​ the Edge are among our most viewed new originals to date. They are the perfect example of what we ​ strive for in our original programming; an elevated version of popular genres that reach a large audience globally. We closed the quarter with season 3 of Orange is the New Black, which went live on June 11 and set off ​ ​ a social media shockwave around the world. On the following Sunday, Netflix members globally watched a record number of hours in a single day, led by Orange, despite the season finale of HBO’s Game of ​ ​ ​ Thrones and game five of the NBA finals also falling on that Sunday. Global enthusiasm for the third ​ season of Orange underlines our ability to create franchise properties that bring new members to Netflix ​ ​ as well as delighting current ones. Nearly ninety percent of Netflix members have engaged with Netflix original content, another indicator that we are on the right path. We anticipate that as our global content spend approaches $5 billion in 2016 on a P&L basis (over $6 billion cash), we will devote more investment to originals both in absolute dollars and percentage terms. This includes not only series, documentaries and stand-up but also original feature films. We are moving into the original film business in order to have new, high-quality movies that our global members can find only on Netflix. As with series, we’ve chosen to take a portfolio approach covering a wide variety of genres and based around creators with great track records and stories they are passionate about. The first of our films, Beasts of No Nation, a gripping war drama from the ​ ​ award-winning director Cary Fukunaga (True Detective) and starring award-winning Idris Elba (Mandela, ​ ​ ​ Luther, The Wire) will be available to all Netflix members and in select theaters in October. In June, we ​ announced War Machine, a provocative satirical comedy starring Brad Pitt, which will be exclusively ​ ​ available to Netflix members and in select theaters next year. The release schedule for our slate of original films can be found here. ​ ​ Product In June, we unveiled the new Netflix website, our first major update in over four years. The new ​ experience has been built from the ground up to make it faster and easier for our members to discover great content to watch. The UI is a richer and more visual experience with improved title art and a better details view. It also works more like an app and less like a series of linked web pages. Early feedback has been positive from both members and the media, and retention should benefit. 3In support of expanding our service globally, we are focused on adding more languages, optimizing our personalization algorithms for a global library in local markets, and expanding support for a range of device, operator and payment partnerships. We are also placing a greater emphasis on optimizing for mobile, which is the main means for Internet access in many emerging markets where we will be expanding in the future. Strong Net Neutrality Charter Communications made net neutrality history today by committing to open and free interconnection across the Charter/TWC network, if their pending merger is approved. This move ensures that all online video providers can aggressively compete for consumers' favor, without selective and increasing fees paid to ISPs. Charter's interconnection policy is the right way to scale the Internet. It means consumer will receive the fast connection speeds they expect. The Charter/TWC transaction, with this condition, would deliver significant public interest benefits to broadband consumers, and we urge its timely approval. Competition We compete with linear TV, PPV, video piracy, other Internet networks, video gaming and many other sources of entertainment. The recent Sandvine results from North America show that, looking at just the Internet networks segment, we continue to improve faster than others. Note that this data measures peak megabits, not peak viewing hours, so YouTube, for example, with more modest average video quality, is underrepresented in terms of hours. 4DVD Our DVD-by-mail business in the US continues to serve 5.3 million members and provided $77.9 million in contribution profit in Q2. The broad selection of titles, including new release movies and TV shows, remains appealing to a core user base and means that the tail on this business should be quite long. Free Cash Flow & Capital Free cash flow in Q2 amounted to -$229 million, compared with -$163 million in Q1. As we have previously detailed, our investment in originals is working capital intensive, which results in higher cash spent upfront relative to content amortization, and, we anticipate this trend to continue given our increased investment in originals. At the end of Q2, gross debt totaled $2.4 billion, which represented 4.6x LTM EBITDA and we ended the quarter with $2.8 billion in cash & equivalents and short term investments. Reference For quick reference, our eight most recent investor letters are: April 2015, January 2015, October 2014, ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ July 2014, April 2014, January 2014, October 2013, July 2013. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Summary We’re pleased to see the growing momentum of our original programming driving strong growth in the US and abroad. With our first set of international markets having achieved contribution profitability, we’ll be making our first foray into Asia this Fall with our Japan launch, and are gearing up to offer our service around the globe. Sincerely, Reed Hastings, CEO David Wells, CFO 5