As we expected, growth has slowed with 2.2m paid net adds in Q3 vs. 6.8m in Q3’19. We think this is primarily due to our record first half results and the pull-forward effect we described in our April and July letters. In the first nine months of 2020, we added 28.1m paid memberships, which exceeds the 27.8m that we added for all of 2019. In these challenging times, we’re dedicated to serving our members. Q3 Results and Q4 Forecast Q3 average streaming paid memberships rose 25%, while streaming ARPU decreased 1.6% year over year. Excluding a foreign exchange (F/X) impact of -$158m, streaming ARPU increased 1% vs. prior year. Revenue was 2% above our beginning-of-quarter guidance primarily due to slightly higher than expected ARPU (favorable plan mix in our UCAN, LATAM and APAC regions plus intra-quarter appreciation in the Euro and British pound which helped lift EMEA ARPU). As a result, operating margin of 20% (up 170bps year over year) exceeded our guidance forecast as well. EPS of $1.74 vs. $1.47 a year ago included a $249m non-cash unrealized loss from F/X remeasurement on our Euro denominated debt, which accounted for the variance with our EPS guidance. We added 2.2m net memberships in Q3, compared with our 2.5m guidance. Retention remains healthy and engagement per member household was up solidly year over year in Q3’20. As a reminder, our 1guidance is our internal forecast and we strive for accuracy. That means in some quarters our results will be high relative to our guidance forecast and, in others, it will be low. Our APAC region was the largest contributor to our paid membership growth this quarter (46% of Q3 global paid net adds) and APAC revenue rose 66% year over year. We’re pleased with the progress we’re making in this region and, in particular, that we’ve achieved double digit penetration of broadband homes in both South Korea and Japan. While this is encouraging, we still have much work to do and we're working hard to replicate this success in India and other countries. For Q4‘20, we forecast 6.0m paid net adds vs 8.8m in Q4‘19. As we have highlighted in our recent investor letters, we believe our record first half paid net additions would result in slower growth in the back half of this year. If we achieve our forecast, it will put us at a record 34m paid net adds for 2020, well above our prior annual high of 28.6m in 2018. The state of the pandemic and its impact continues to make projections very uncertain, but as the world hopefully recovers in 2021, we would expect that our growth will revert back to levels similar to pre-COVID. In turn, we expect paid net adds are likely to be down year over year in the first half of 2021 as compared to the big spike in paid net adds we experienced in the first half of 2020. We continue to view quarter-to-quarter fluctuations in paid net adds as not that meaningful in the context of the long run adoption of internet entertainment, which we believe is still early and should provide us with many years of strong future growth as we continue to improve our service. 2We forecast Q4 operating margin of 13.5% vs. 8.4% last year, which means we’ll over-deliver this year on our original full year margin target; our FY20 operating margin is now expected to be 18% (vs. 16% originally) or a 500 basis point increase year over year. Since 2016, we will have more than quadrupled our annual GAAP operating margin (which is our primary profitability metric). As in the past, we intend to continue to grow our operating margin each year and at an average rate of 300 basis points per year over any few-year period, but we anticipate more lumpiness. Some years we’ll be a little over (like this year when we expect to grow operating margin 500bps), some years a little under, but we are trying to keep on a 300 bps per year long-term trajectory. The increased lumpiness is due to increased F/X exposure from our international success and COVID’s impact on the timing of spending. By moving to this multi-year model, we’ll be able to manage our short term expenses more smoothly as well as grow slightly more efficiently than in the past. As we wrote last quarter, for 2021, we’re targeting a 19% operating margin. Content We are making good and careful progress returning to production, particularly in EMEA and APAC, but also across much of LATAM and UCAN. We’ve restarted production on some of our biggest titles including season four of Stranger Things, action film Red Notice (starring Dwayne Johnson, Gal Gadot ​ ​ ​ ​ and Ryan Reynolds) and The Witcher season two. Since the almost-global shutdown of production back ​ ​ in mid-March, we have already completed principal photography on 50+ productions and, while the course and impact of C-19 remains unpredictable, we’re optimistic we will complete shooting on over 150 other productions by year-end. For our 2021 slate, we continue to expect the number of Netflix originals launched on our service to be up year over year in each quarter of 2021 and we’re confident that we’ll have an exciting range of programming for our members, particularly relative to other entertainment service options. As 3discussed last quarter, some of our most popular returning titles are expected to launch in the second half of next year. This past quarter, the breadth of our programming was demonstrated with standout titles across many genres. In English language series, we debuted new seasons of The Umbrella Academy and Lucifer; 43m ​ ​ ​ ​ and 38m member households chose to watch these titles in the first 28 days, respectively. In mid-September, we also premiered Ryan Murphy’s Ratched, a thriller based on the character from One ​ ​ ​ Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest. In its first four weeks, 48m member households chose to watch Ratched. ​ ​ ​ Our #1 and #2 most watched documentary feature films ever were released in Q3. American Murder: ​ The Family Next Door is projected to have 52m members households choose the title in its first 28 days ​ and The Social Dilemma had 38m in its first 28 days. ​ ​ We continue to invest heavily in local language content because we believe that great stories are universal: they can come from anywhere and be loved everywhere. Season one of the Mexican telenovela Oscuro Deseo (Dark Desire) was our biggest local language original globally this quarter. Our ​ ​ ​ ​ slate of Korean dramas continue to travel well throughout APAC and beyond, while anime is another category of content with fans all over the world. Another example of our content traveling around the globe is our non-fiction series Indian ​ Matchmaking, which was watched by a quarter of our members in India and millions of members ​ outside of India in its first four weeks. Original film continues to be an area of opportunity for us and we had several big hits in Q3. Action thriller The Old Guard (starring Charlize Theron and directed by Gina Prince-Bythewood) was our most ​ ​ ​ ​ popular title of the quarter with 78m member households choosing to watch in its first four weeks. Our romantic comedy The Kissing Booth 2 received strong reception (66m member households chose to ​ ​ watch in the first 28 days), while action film Project Power (starring Jamie Foxx) was also very popular ​ ​ (75m member households chose to watch in the first four weeks). Late in September, we debuted Enola ​ Holmes, starring Millie Bobby Brown and Henry Cavill as her famed detective brother. We estimate 76m ​ member households will have chosen this film in the first 28 days. Our content successes highlight our ability to tap into our global audience of nearly 200m members and underscore the notion that content is discovered on Netflix. This applies not only to Netflix originals, but ​ ​ also to second run programming, like Schitt’s Creek and earlier seasons of Lucifer, both of which are very ​ ​ ​ ​ popular with our members. The latest example is Cobra Kai (based on The Karate Kid films), which ​ ​ ​ ​ originally debuted on YouTube’s subscription service in May 2018 and recently launched on Netflix on August 28. In its first four weeks of release on Netflix, 50m member households chose to watch season one, dramatically expanding its audience. We’re looking forward to season 3 of Cobra Kai premiering exclusively on Netflix on January 8, 2021. In ​ ​ addition to the recently released The Haunting of Bly Manor (a follow up to the acclaimed The Haunting ​ ​ ​ of Hill House), season one of Emily in Paris and Adam Sandler’s latest film Hubie Halloween, other ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ notable Q4 titles include our animated family film Over the Moon from legendary creator Glen Keane ​ ​ (premiering this weekend), season four of our award-winning series The Crown and the first season of ​ ​ Selena. We’ll also have a great slate of films, including The Midnight Sky (directed by and starring George ​ ​ ​ 4Clooney), Hillbilly Elegy (from Ron Howard), Ma Rainey’s Black Bottom (with Viola Davis and Chadwick ​ ​ ​ ​ Boseman), The Christmas Chronicles 2 (from Chris Columbus), Jingle Jangle: A Christmas Journey (with ​ ​​ ​ ​ Forest Whitaker), MANK (David Fincher’s first feature at Netflix) and Ryan Murphy’s The Prom (starring ​ ​ ​ ​ Meryl Streep, Nicole Kidman, James Corden and Kerry Washington). Product and Partnerships We strive to be a global entertainment service that can satisfy the needs of members all over the world. Commissioning and producing local language content is an important part of that. But we also invest heavily into improving our product, partnerships and overall consumer experience. For example, in India in Q3, we localized our service to support Hindi in our user interface. We’re also working with local partners like Reliance Jio, India’s largest mobile operator, where in Q3 we launched a bundle with their mobile and fiber broadband plans. As part of this broad partnership, we’ll integrate Netflix with two of Jio’s set top boxes. We’ve also partnered with financial institutions in India to make payment processing easier and more seamless for our members, which we expect will have retention benefits. All of these initiatives are important and work in concert with our big investment in local originals to improve the Netflix experience for our members. Competition Competition for consumers’ time and engagement remains vibrant. Linear television and other big categories of entertainment, like video games and user generated content from YouTube and TikTok are all vying for consumers’ attention and are strong drivers of screen time usage. We remain quite small relative to overall screen time. This past quarter, we saw the debut of Comcast’s Peacock, which comes on the heels of the launch of HBO Max and Disney+. Disney’s recent management reorganization signals that it is embracing the shift to streaming entertainment. We’re thrilled to be competing with Disney and a growing number of other 5players to entertain people; both consumers and content creators will benefit from our mutual desire to bring the best stories to audiences all over the world. We’ll continue to focus on pleasing our members and improving our service as quickly as possible so that we can be everyone's first choice for online entertainment. Cash Flow and Capital Structure Net cash generated by operating activities in Q3 was +$1.3 billion vs. -$502 million in the prior year period. Free cash flow (FCF)1 was positive for a third consecutive quarter at +$1.1b vs. -$551 million in Q3‘19. Year to date free cash flow is +$2.2 billion vs. -$1.6 billion in the first nine months of 2019. As productions increasingly restart, we expect Q4’20 FCF to be slightly negative and therefore, for the full year 2020, we forecast FCF to be approximately $2 billion, up from our prior expectation of break-even to positive. This change is due primarily to our higher operating margin expectation for 2020 and the timing of cash spending on content. We expect our FCF profile over the coming years to continue to improve as we increase our profitability and our transition to the production of Netflix originals (which requires more cash upfront vs. second run content) matures. For 2021, we currently expect free cash flow to be -$1 billion to break-even. With $8.4 billion in cash on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter plus our $750m credit facility (which is undrawn), our need for external financing is diminishing. As indicated last quarter, we don’t have plans to access the capital markets this year. Reference For quick reference, our eight most recent investor letters are: July 2020, April 2020, January 2020, ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ October 2019, July 2019, April 2019, January 2019, October 2018. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 1 For a reconciliation of free cash flow to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, please refer to the reconciliation in tabular form on the attached unaudited financial statements and the footnotes thereto. 6