In Q2, revenue increased 19% year over year to $7.3billion, while operating income rose 36% year over year to $1.8 billion. We finished the quarter withover 209m paid memberships, slightly ahead of our forecast. COVID has created some lumpiness in ourmembership growth (higher growth in 2020, slower growth this year), which is working its way through.We continue to focus on improving our service for our members and bringing them the best stories fromaround the world. Our summary results and forecast for Q3 are below. Q2 Results and Q3 Forecast Revenue growth was driven by an 11% increase in averagepaid streaming memberships and 8% growth in average revenue per membership (ARM)1. ARM rose4%, excluding a foreign exchange (FX) impact of +$277m. Operating margin of 25.2% expanded 3 percentagepoints compared with the year ago quarter. EPS of $2.97 vs. $1.59 a year ago included a $63mnon-cash unrealized loss from FX remeasurement on our Euro denominated debt. The pandemic has created unusual choppiness in ourgrowth and distorts year-over-year comparisons as acquisition and engagement per member household spikedin the early months of COVID. In Q2’21, our engagement per member household was, as expected,down vs. those unprecedented levels but was still up 17% compared with a more comparable Q2’19. Similarly,retention continues to be strong and better than pre-COVID Q2’19 levels, even as average revenueper membership has grown 8% over this two-year 1Average revenue per membership (ARM) is defined asstreaming revenue divided by the average number of streaming paid memberships divided by the number ofmonths in the period. These figures do not includesales taxes or VAT. 1period, demonstrating how much our members value Netflix and that as we improve our service we can charge a bit more. We added 1.5m paid memberships in Q2, slightly aheadof our 1.0m guidance forecast. The APAC region represented about two-thirds of our global paid net adds in the quarter. As expected, Q2 paid memberships in the UCAN region were slightly downsequentially (-0.4m paid net adds). We believe our large membership base in UCAN coupled with a seasonallysmaller quarter for acquisition is the main reason for this dynamic. This is similar to what weexperienced in Q2’19 when our UCAN paid net adds were -0.1m; since then we’ve added nearly 7.5m paidnet adds in UCAN. As a reminder, the quarterly guidance we provide isour actual internal forecast at the time we report. For Q3’21, we forecast paid net additions of 3.5mvs. 2.2m in the prior year period. If we achieve our forecast, we will have added more than 54m paid netadds over the past 24 months or 27m on an annualized basis over that time period, which is consistentwith our pre-COVID annual rate of net additions. We forecast that ARM will grow roughly5% year over year on a FX neutral basis in Q3’21. We continue to target a 20% operating margin for thefull year 2021 vs. 18% in 2020. After our big global launch in January 2016, we committed to steadily growingour operating margin thereafter at an average rate of three percentage points per year over anyfew-year period. Some years we’ll be a little over(like in 2020), some years a little under (like in 2021).Assuming we achieve our margin target this year,we will have quintupled our operating margin in the lastfive years and are tracking ahead of this average annual three percentage point pace. 2With revenue and margin both increasing, our operatingprofit dollars have risen dramatically as well (even as we have been investing heavily), from about$100 million per quarter in 2016 to nearly $2 billion per quarter so far in 2021. Our belief isthat as we steadily improve our service to betterplease our members, this will lead to continued growth inour membership base, ARM, revenue, operating margin and profit dollars. Content We launched our first original scripted TV seriesin 2012 and we’ve since expanded our original programming effort to many additional categories,from all over the world. Our goal is to be everyone’s first choice for entertainment because of the varietyand quality of our titles. And despite the COVID-related production delays in 2020, we were ableto deliver an exciting portfolio of titles in Q2’21 that exemplify this ambition. For example,Shadow and Bone, a fantasy series basedon the popularGrishaverse book series, proved to be very popular with our members. Over 55m memberhouseholds chose to watch this show in its first 28 days and we’ve renewed it for a second season.Sweet Tooth, based on the beloved DC comic, was another hit series with 60m member households choosingthis title in its first four weeks. Our expansion into non-fiction series is going well.This past quarter, standout unscripted titles include season two of dating showToo Hot to Handleand socialexperiment reality programThe Circle(an estimated 29m and 14m, respectively, chose to watchin the first 28 days) as well as the true crime docu-seriesThe Sons of Sam(19m). We’re buildingout some of these unscripted titles with local versions of the same formats. As one example,TooHot to Handle: BrazilandToo Hot to Handle: Latino will be launching later in July and September, respectively,to serve our LATAM region. 3We’re also quickly growing both our live action and animated original film offering, with several impactful titles in Q2. Zack Snyder’sArmy of the Deadwas a blockbuster as 75m member households chose to watch this action packed zombie spectaclein its first 28 days of release. As an extensionto Army of the Dead, a prequel,Army of Thieves, willbe released in Q4’21 along with a spinoff anime series later in 2022.Fatherhood, a dramedy starring KevinHart, was another hit, drawing an estimated 74m member households in its first 28 days. And Q2 alsofeatured our biggest Netflix animated film to date with 53m member households choosing to watchThe Mitchellsvs. The Machines. Last week, Netflix series and specials received 129Emmy nominations. With 24 nominations,The Crown tied for the most nominated series.Bridgertonwith12 nominations was also nominated for Best Drama series whileThe Queen’s Gambitreceived 18 nominationsincluding Best Limited Series.Cobra Kai,Emily In Parisand the finale season ofThe Kominsky Methodwere all nominated for Best Comedy series. Beyond this acclaim, these are also among our popularseries on Netflix. Our non-English content investments are growing bothin scope and impact. Our P&L content expense for this content category has more than doubled inthe past two years. Illustrating how great storiescan come from anywhere and be loved everywhere, part twoofLupinfrom France was our largest non-English title in the quarter with 54m member householdschoosing this title in its first four weeks. Season four ofElitefrom Spain drew 37m member householdsin its first 28 days, while season two of Who Killed Sara?built on the success of the firstseason with 34m households choosing the latest installment of this gripping thriller from Mexico. As discussed in previous letters, COVID-related productiondelays in 2020 have led to a lighter first half of 2021 slate that will build through the course of theyear. In the first six months of 2021, content amortization grew only 9% year over year (as comparedto 17% in FY20). COVID and its variants make predicting the future hard, but with productions largelyrunning smoothly so far, we’re optimistic in our ability to deliver a strong second half slate. Throughthe first half of 2021 we’ve already spent $8 billion in cash on content (up 41% yr-over-yr and 1.4x ourcontent amortization) and we expect content amortization to be around $12 billion for the fullyear (+12% year over year). Our Q3 slate will include new seasons of fan favoritesLa Casa de Papel(akaMoney Heist),Sex Education, Virgin RiverandNever Have I Everas well as live action films includingSweet Girl (starring Jason Momoa),Kissing Booth3, and Kate(starring Mary Elizabeth Winstead) and the animatedfeature filmVivo, featuring all-new songs from Lin-Manuel Miranda. We’re also in the early stages of further expandinginto games, building on our earlier efforts around interactivity (eg,Black Mirror Bandersnatch) andourStranger Thingsgames. We view gaming as another new content category for us, similar to our expansioninto original films, animation and unscripted TV. Games will be included in members’ Netflix subscriptionat no additional cost similar to films and series. Initially, we’ll be primarily focused on games formobile devices. We’re excited as ever about our movies and TV series offering and we expect a long runwayof increasing investment and growth across all ofour existing content categories, but since we are nearlya decade into our push into original programming, we think the time is right to learn more about howour members value games. Product 4We’re constantly innovating across a broad range of areas to improve the viewing experience and better serve our members. That’s why this quarter we globallylaunchedPlay Somethingon television, ournew featurethat lets Netflix do the work when you don’tfeel like choosing what to watch. Recognizing that broadband quality and cost varies around the world,we also improved the Netflix download experience to enable you to start watching a show or film evenif it hasn’t finished downloading. Once you reconnect, you can complete the partial download andkeep watching — also helping members avoid exceeding their data limits. We recently expanded our low-cost mobile-only planto an additional 78 countries across South East Asia and sub-saharan Africa. Like in our other markets,this plan complements our existing three tiers of service. In the five markets where we had previouslylaunched a mobile-only plan, we have found that the mobile only plan has been an effective way tointroduce more consumers to Netflix while being roughly revenue neutral as the lower average revenueper membership is offset by incremental acquisition and generally better retention. Competition We are still very much in the early days of the transitionfrom linear to on-demand consumption of entertainment. Streaming represents just 27% of USTV screen time, compared with 63% for linear television, according to Nielsen. Based on this samestudy, Nielsen estimates that we are just 7% of US TV screen time. Considering that we are less maturein other countries and that this excludes mobile screens (where we believe our share of engagementis even lower), we are confident that we have a long runway for growth. As we improve our service, ourgoal is to continue to increase our share of screen time in the US and around the world. 5Share of Total US TV Time, June 2021(Total Day, Persons 2+) The planned combination of Warner Media Group andDiscovery and Amazon’s pending acquisition of MGM are examples of the ongoing industry consolidationas firms adapt to a world where streaming supplants linear TV. The industry has consolidatedmaterially over the years (Time Warner/AT&T, Viacom/CBS, Discovery/Scripps, Disney/Fox, Comcast/NBCU/Sky,etc.) and we don’t believe this consolidation has affected our growth much, if atall. While we are continually evaluating opportunities, we don’t view any assets as “must-have” and we haven’tyet found any large scale ones to be sufficiently compelling to act upon. In the race to entertain consumers around the world,we continue to compete for screen time with a broad set of firms like YouTube, Epic Games and TikTok(to name just a few). But, we are mostly competing with ourselves to improve our service asfast as we can. If we can do that, we’re confidentwe can maintain our strong position and continue to grownicely as we have been over the past two-plus decades. Cash Flow and Capital Structure In Q2, net cash generated by operating activitieswas -$64 million vs. $1 billion in the prior year period. Free cash flow (FCF)2for the quarter was-$175 million vs. $899 million in Q2‘20. FCF in lastyear’s Q2 benefited from COVID-related production shutdowns.We are still expecting full year 2021 free cash flow to be approximately break even. As we discussedpreviously, we believe we no longer have a need to raise external financing to fund our day-to-dayoperations. 2For a reconciliation of free cash flow to net cashprovided by (used in) operating activities, pleaserefer to the reconciliation in tabular form on the attached unauditedfinancial statements and the footnotes thereto. 6During Q2, we increased our revolving credit facility (which remains undrawn) to $1 billion from $750 million and extended the maturity from 2024 to 2026.We also repurchased 1m shares for $500 million (at an average per share price of about $500) underour $5 billion share authorization. Our main priority is to invest in the organic growth of our business while maintaining strong liquidity and retaining financial flexibility for strategic investments. Ourgrowing operating profit allows us to complementthis priority with a return of capital to shareholders. Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) In June, the independent sustainability think tankThe Carbon Trustpublished awhite paperexamining the carbon impact of video streaming.Key findingsof the work include:  The average carbon footprint for Europe per hour ofvideo streaming is approximately 55gCO2e, equivalent to driving 250 metres in an average petrolcar.  Devices (TVs, laptops/PCs, smartphones, tablets) makeup the largest portion of carbon emissions from streaming (over 50%), compared to othercomponents like energy from data centers or networks. Good news: Devices are gettingmore efficient over time and total device usage is fairly constant (with Netflix gaining sharefrom linear).  Changing resolutions and other viewing settings werefound to result in only a very small change in the carbon impact. Changing from standard definitionto 4K resolution grows transmission emissions from just under 1g CO2e/hour to just over1g CO2e/hour.  As demand for streaming and other internet servicesincreases, the carbon intensity of these services will decrease over time. This is due to (1)networking equipment becoming less energy-intensive with technological advances, and(2) increased use of renewable electricity. As a reminder, our ESG-related information can befound on ourIR website. Reference For quick reference, our eight most recent investorletters are:April 2021,January 2021,October 2020, July 2020,April 2020,January 2020,October 2019,July 2019. 7