Revenue grew 24% year over year and was in line withour beginning of quarter forecast, while operating profit and margin reached all-time highs. We finishedQ1’21 with 208m paid memberships, up 14% year over year, but below our guidance forecast of 210mpaid memberships. We believe paid membership growth slowed due to the big Covid-19 pull forwardin 2020 and a lighter content slate in the firsthalf of this year, due to Covid-19 production delays. We continueto anticipate a strong second half with the return of new seasons of some of our biggest hitsand an exciting film lineup. In the short-term, thereis some uncertainty from Covid-19; in the long-term,the rise of streaming to replace linear TV aroundthe world is the clear trend in entertainment. Q1 Results and Q2 Forecast Average revenue per membership1rose 6% year overyear, or 5%, excluding a foreign exchange impact of +$80m. Operating income of $2 billion vs. $958 millionmore than doubled vs. Q1’20. This exceeded our guidance forecast primarily due to the timing of contentspend. EPS of $3.75 vs. $1.57 a year ago included a $253m non-cash unrealized gain from F/Xremeasurement on our Euro denominated debt. The extraordinary events of Covid-19 led to unprecedentedmembership growth in 2020, as it pulled forward growth from 2021, and delayed production acrossevery region. In turn, we ended 2020 with a bigger membership and revenue base than we would otherwisehave had, contributing to record Q1’21 revenues. And since we were still ramping productionlevels late last year, we had lower content spendin 1Average revenue per membership (ARM) is defined asstreaming revenue divided by the average number of streaming paid memberships divided by the number ofmonths in the period. These figures do not includesales taxes or VAT. Q1’21 - content amortization only grew 9.5% year over year in Q1’21 vs. 17% in FY20. The result was a 10 percentage point year over year jump in our operatingmargin to 27% in Q1, which is an all-time high. As we discussed in past letters, these dynamics arealso contributing to a lighter content slate in thefirst half of 2021, and hence, we believe slower membership growth. In Q1, paid net additions of 4m were below our 6m guidance (and the 16m net additions inthe year ago quarter) primarily due to acquisition, as retention in Q1 was in line with our expectations.We don’t believe competitive intensity materially changed in the quarter or was a material factor inthe variance as the over-forecast was across allof our regions. We also saw similar percentage year-over-yeardeclines in paid net adds in all regions (see our Regional Breakdown table below), whereas the levelof competitive intensity varies by country. As a reminder, the quarterly guidance we provide isour actual internal forecast at the time we report. That means in some quarters our results will be highrelative to our guidance forecast and, in others,it will be low, as can be seen in the chart below. Asour membership base continues to grow, there will naturally be more volatility in our absolute paidnet additions performance vs. forecast. With similar pull forward and delayed slate dynamicsplus our typical seasonality expected to impact Q2’21, we project paid net additions of 1m (vs. 10min the prior year quarter) with our UCAN and LATAM regions expected to be roughly flattish in memberships(+/- a couple hundred thousand paid net adds). We anticipate paid membership growth will re-acceleratein the second half of 2021 as we ramp into a very strong back half slate with the return of bighits likeSex Education,The Witcher,La Casa dePapel (akaMoney Heist), andYou, as well as an excitingarray of original films including the finale toTheKissing Boothtrilogy and large scale, star-driven featureslikeRed Notice(starring Gal Gadot, Dwayne Johnson and Ryan Reynolds) andDon’t Look Up(with an all-starcast including Leonardo DiCaprio, Jennifer Lawrence, Cate Blanchett, Timothée Chalamet, and MerylStreep). We’ll also have our most comprehensive offering to date of local language titlesincludingToo Hot to Handlefor Brazil and Mexico, 2a special based on our Korean hit franchiseKingdom, the action-thrillerDhamaka(India), as well as new seasons ofSintonia(Brazil), andControl Z(Mexico). As always, we’re focusing on the fundamentals of ourbusiness, which remain healthy. In addition to our record financial results, engagement per member householdgrew solidly year over year in Q1’21. We’re also seeing how much members value Netflix with Q1’21churn below Q1‘20 levels, demonstrating that as we improve the service, we can charge a bit more.Our FY21 operating margin target of 20% vs. 18% last year remains unchanged. We are optimistic aboutthe future and believe we are still in the earlydays of the adoption of internet entertainment, which shouldprovide us with many years of growth ahead. Content As seen in the weekly growth chart above, in earlyQ1, with the benefit ofBridgerton,LupinandCobra Kai, we were following a growth trajectory similarto recent years. As we’ve noted previously, the production delays from Covid-19 in 2020 will leadto a 2021 slate that is more heavily second half weighted with a large number of returning franchises.And while the roll out of vaccines is very uneven across the world, we are back up and producing safelyin every major market, with the exception of Brazil and India. Assuming this continues, we’ll spendover $17 billion in cash on content this year and we’ll continue to deliver an amazing range of titlesfor our members with more originals this year than last. There are several facets to our content strategy.First and foremost, we want to deliver a wide varietyof best-in-class stories that our members love and watchin big numbers. Examples of this breadth in Q1 include season one ofFirefly Lane(49m chose to watchthis title in its first 28 days), season 3 ofCobra Kai(45m),Fate: The Winx Saga(57m), andGinny &Georgia(52m). Our top movies in Q1 includeI CareA Lot(56m),YES DAY(62m),Outside the Wire(66m) andthe last installment ofTo All the Boys I’ve Loved 3Beforetrilogy (51m). We program across many genres because tastes are very diverse. Even for one person, what they desire will vary widely dependingon their mood or who they are watching with. Another goal is to create great, locally authenticstories in countries all around the world. It’s whyour priority for local language titles is to have a bigimpact in the home territory so we don’t sacrificelocal impact for “travelability.” But we’re increasinglyseeing that these local titles find significant audiences around the world, which supports our thesis that greatstories are universal: they can come from anywhere and be loved everywhere. Notable standoutsthis quarter includeBelow Zerofrom Spain (47m chose to watch in its first four weeks),Space Sweepersfrom Korea (26m),Squared Lovefrom Poland (31m) andWho Killed Sara?from Mexico (an estimated55m), which is also our most popular non-English title ever in the US in its first 28 days(with season 2 launching on May 19). We want our titles to be talked about by audiencesacross the globe. Because of our broad distribution and highly engaged members, our titles not only generatehigh levels of viewing but also can pierce the cultural zeitgeist and transcend the film and TV industry. There were two recent standout examples of this:Lupin, our French language series about a daringgentleman burglar played by Omar Sy, was not only our most popular new title this quarter on Netflix(76m member households chose to watch in the first 28 days), but it alsopropelled book salesofthe novel in France;Lupin: Part 2will debut laterin Q2’21. Similarly, driven by the late December launchof season one ofBridgerton, Julia Quinn’s bookshit The New York Timesbestseller list for the first timein 18 years. Netflix led all studios for recent award nominationsincluding the Oscars, Golden Globes, SAG Awards, BAFTA and the NAACP Image Awards, among others. Headinginto the Academy Awards this weekend, we have 36 nominations across 17 films including twonominees in each of the Best Picture (Mank,The Trial of the Chicago 7), Best Documentary Feature(Crip Camp,My Octopus Teacher), and Best Animated Feature (Over the Moon,A Shaun The Sheep Movie: Farmageddon)categories.Mankled all films with 10 nominations. Product We are constantly working to make it easier for membersto access and enjoy something they will love, regardless of their location or mood. In Q1, we launchedan opt-inDownloads for Youfeature for Android (with iOS coming soon) that automatically downloadsrecommended shows and movies onto a member's mobile device, ensuring that they alwayshave something to watch irrespective of connectivity. Knowing that bandwidth and storage canbe precious, this feature tries to choose only the most relevant content to download. This quarter we also launchedFast Laughs, a mobilefeed of short comedy clips from Netflix favorites- it's initially available in several countries includingthe US on iOS and will be on Android soon. For television viewers, this month we unveiled an updatedand improved experience for Kids Profile that more vividly and easilyconnects childrenwith theirfavorite titles and characters. 4Competition We compete with many activities for consumers’ entertainmenttime, ranging from watching linear TV, video gaming, and viewing user generated content,just to name a few. Against this backdrop, the entertainment market is huge, giving us plenty ofroom to grow, if we can continue to improve our service. We believe we are less than 10% of TV screentime in the US and even smaller in other regions and when including mobile devices. More and more new streaming services are launching,reinforcing our vision that linear TV will slowly give way to streaming entertainment. Despite our 10+year head start, we are continually seeking operational and creative excellence; we’re workingas hard as ever to continually improve our serviceso that we are the best entertainment option availablewith best in class stories, an ever-improving product experience and authentic local titles that our memberslove. Our ability to evolve from a DVD-by-mail to an internet entertainment business, from a US-onlyto a global service, and from a licensor of second window content to a producer of original content acrossso many different categories fuels our confidence and optimism for our next decade of challenges,growth and innovation. When comparing services, subscriber figures alonetell only part of the story (given bundles, discounts and other promotions) so it’s important to also focuson engagement and revenue as key indicators of success; they drive the flywheel of investment ineven more amazing stories for our members and future growth. It’s our job to please our members so muchon Monday, that on Tuesday, they start with us, and then they stick with us as their first choice forentertainment. Cash Flow and Capital Structure Net cash generated by operating activities in Q1 was$777 million vs. $260 million in the prior year period. Free cash flow (FCF)2for the quarter was$692 million vs. $162 million in Q1‘20. We are ontrack for full year 2021 free cash flow to be approximatelybreak even. As we discussed last quarter, we believe we are very close to being sustainably FCF positiveand that we no longer have a need to raise external financing to fund our day-to-day operations. During the quarter, we repaid our 5.375% February1, 2021 bond ($500 million principal) out of balance sheet cash, reducing our total gross debt balanceto $15.7 billion as of March 31, 2021. We intend to maintain $10-$15 billion of gross debt. Our boardhas approved a program to repurchase up to $5 billion of our common stock beginning in 2021 with no fixedexpiration date. We expect our buyback program will begin this quarter. Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) We’ve added a new section to our investor relationssite that collates all of ourESG informationforour investors, including our recently published2020 ESGReport(filed March 30, 2021). Our 2020 ESG report includes our commitment to achieve net zero greenhousegas emissions by the end of 2022. We also 2For a reconciliation of free cash flow to net cashprovided by (used in) operating activities, pleaserefer to the reconciliation in tabular form on the attachedunaudited financial statements and the footnotes thereto. 5released our firstInclusion Reportaround the makeup of our workforce and a third-party diversity audit of our content by theUSC Annenberg Inclusion Initiative,designed to set industry benchmarks around these important issues. As part of this work, we announcedthe Netflix Fund for Creative Equity, committing $100 million to further develop our pipelinefor underrepresented talent. Reference For quick reference, our eight most recent investorletters are:January 2021,October 2020,July 2020, April 2020,January 2020,October 2019,July 2019,April 2019. Regional Breakdown 6