In 2016, we generated $8.3 billion in global streaming revenue (35% y/y growth) and finished the year with 93.8 million members on 19.0 million net additions vs. 17.4 million in 2015. This quarter marks the 10-year anniversary of our launch of streaming. The next decade will be even more amazing and ​ ​ tumultuous as internet TV supplants linear TV, and as we strive to remain a leader. Q4 Results and Q1 Forecast In Q4, global streaming revenue grew 41% year over year to $2.4 billion, while contribution profit rose 74% year over year to $470 million (20% margin). Operating profit totaled $154 million (6.2% operating margin) against guidance of $125 million, while net income amounted to $67 million, compared with our forecast of $56 million. Net income included a -$22 million foreign exchange adjustment booked in other expense due to the strength of the US dollar. As a reminder, the quarterly guidance we provide is our actual internal forecast at the time we report. We added 7.05 million net new members globally in the quarter, against our forecast of 5.20 million and last year's Q4 performance of 5.59 million. This was the largest quarter of net additions in our history and was driven by strong acquisition trends in both our US and International segments. Domestically, we added 1.93 million members in the quarter, exceeding our forecast of 1.45 million and 1.56 million in the year-ago quarter. Combined with 15% ASP growth, revenue increased 27% year-over -year to $1.4 billion. US contribution margin expanded 395 basis points year-over-year to 38.2%. Margin improvement was greater than expected due primarily to higher-than-forecast revenue and the timing of content deals. International membership grew by 5.12 million in Q4, against a forecast of 3.75 million and 4.04 million in the year-ago quarter. Over 47% of our total members are now outside of the US. This growth was very broad based geographically as our original content continues to be well-received all over the world. ASP for the international segment rose 13% year over year (excluding a -$21 million impact from currency). International contribution loss was -$67 million, compared with our forecast of -$75 million, as content spend was slightly lower than expected owing primarily to timing. In Q1, we project 5.2 million net adds with 1.5 million in the US and 3.7 million internationally. Our anticipation for a year-over-year decline in domestic net adds reflects a difficult comparison in the year ago quarter where we exceeded our net adds forecast by 27%. Similarly, in our international segment, we will lap our Rest of World launch in January of last year. We also expect a greater membership impact from our content slate in the second half of 2017. On a sequential basis, we believe our strong Q4 results likely pulled forward some net adds from Q1’17 to Q4’16. Since our global expansion is proceeding well, we intend to grow our global operating margin for many years ahead. We’ve been around a 4% annual operating margin for the past two years, and we are targeting about 7% for the full year 2017 based on current F/X rates. From here, we will seek to steadily increase revenue and operating margin as we balance growth and profitability. We are in no rush to push margins up too quickly, as we want to ensure we are investing aggressively enough to continue to lead internet TV around the world. In Q1, we are forecasting a 9% operating margin, higher than our full year target due to the timing of content spend, including moving House of Cards season 5 from Q1 to ​ ​ Q2. 2We anticipate the international segment will be slightly contribution profit positive in Q1. We plan on investing over the remaining quarters of 2017 internationally and, as a result, anticipate an international contribution loss in Q2. On a full year basis, we expect international contribution loss to improve substantially year on year. Content We are learning rapidly how best to match content with audience tastes around the world. It is clear to us that high quality content travels well across borders. For instance, our global originals like Marvel’s ​ Luke Cage, The Crown and season 3 of Black Mirror continue to generate excitement and excellent ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ viewing all across the world. Similarly, Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life debuted in the top 10 in every ​ ​ territory. Guillermo Del Toro’s Trollhunters, launched in December, is tracking to be our most-watched ​ ​​​​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​​​ ​​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ kids original and is performing particularly well in our newer territories. We closed the quarter with the release of The OA, a mind-bending, multi-layered supernatural drama that is a great example of the ​ ​ bold, creative storytelling we’ve aimed to support. Gratifyingly, our first Brazilian original series 3%, a sci-fi, post-apocalyptic thriller, premiered as one of ​ ​ ​ the most watched originals in Brazil and played well throughout Latin America. Moreover, bucking conventional wisdom, millions of US members have watched the show dubbed and subtitled into English, making 3% the first Portuguese language television show to travel meaningfully beyond Latin ​ ​ America and Portugal. We continue to invest in local programming to complement our content offering and as a means to introduce new members to our global library. We are focusing on local content that travels pan-regionally or across multiple territories, such as Japanese anime and Turkish dramas. In this vein, we announced a long-term deal with Red Chillies Entertainment, the film production company of Shah Rukh Khan, who is considered by many to be the biggest movie star on the planet. Netflix is now the exclusive ​ ​ global home for Khan’s new films and members will enjoy exclusive SVOD access to dozens of popular Red Chillies films from the past several years. It’s amazing to think that we launched original programming on Netflix in 2013 and in just four years, our original series accounted for five of the top 10 most searched TV shows of 2016 globally, including ​ ​ Stranger Things at #1, according to Google trends. On January 8, we were honored that The Crown ​ ​ ​ ​ received the Golden Globe Award for Best TV Series (Drama), while Claire Foy won the award for Best Performance by an Actress in a TV Series (Drama) for her portrayal of Queen Elizabeth II. Later this month, The Screen Actors Guild Awards, the most widely voted-on major awards for TV and films, will ​ ​ feature eight individual Netflix original series with 17 nominations, the most of any network. We are incredibly excited about all the projects we have underway for our global members, no matter their age, taste or cultural background; in 2017, we plan to invest over $6 billion on content on a P&L basis (up from $5 billion in 2016). 3Product and Partnerships In Q4, we launched offline viewing, which allows members to download content to iOS and Android devices. Our goal is to make Netflix as accessible as possible to members in countries and locations (such as subways and airplanes) with limited and/or expensive bandwidth. We are pleased with the initial results and, as expected, enjoyment of offline viewing is greatest in emerging markets, where the broadband infrastructure is less robust. In Q4 we also launched on Comcast’s X1 set-top boxes, and the integration has pleased our members who now can use their X1 remote control and user interface to access Netflix as they do their other TV networks. Net Neutrality Weakening of US net neutrality laws, should that occur, is unlikely to materially affect our domestic margins or service quality because we are now popular enough with consumers to keep our relationships with ISPs stable. On a public policy basis, however, strong net neutrality is important to support innovation and smaller firms. No one wants ISPs to decide what new and potentially disruptive services can operate over their networks, or to favor one service over another. We hope the new US administration and Congress will recognize that keeping the network neutral drives job growth and innovation. Competition Internet video is a global phenomenon. Amazon Prime Video expanded recently to match our territory footprint, while YouTube remains far larger than either of us in terms of global video enjoyment minutes. Video consumption is growing on Facebook, and Apple is rumored to be adding video to its music service. Satellite TV operators are moving to become internet MVPDs, such as ViaSat to ViaPlay in the Nordics, DISH to Sling, and DirecTV to DirecTV Now. Insurgent firms such as Molotov.tv in France and Hulu are building native-internet interfaces for TV network bundles. CBS is releasing a major original series (Star Trek) exclusively on its domestic SVOD service (with us as international partner). Finally, the ​ ​ BBC has become the first major linear network to announce plans to go binge-first with new seasons, ​ ​ favoring internet over linear viewers. We presume HBO is not far behind the BBC. In short, it’s becoming an internet TV world, which presents both challenges and opportunities for Netflix as we strive to earn screen time. Free Cash Flow and Capital Structure Q4 free cash flow totaled -$639 million vs. -$276 million last Q4 and -$506 million in Q3’16. The sequential increase was largely due to the timing of content payments, including our growing slate of self-produced originals. Producing more owned content creates some lumpiness in our working capital needs. We expect our FCF to be around -$2 billion in 2017 vs. -$1.7 billion in 2016, with FCF loss improving sequentially in Q1’17. 4We are funding our working capital needs through the debt market. In October, we raised $1 billion of senior notes with a coupon of 4.375%, which will reduce our weighted average cost of capital. We will continue to be a regular issuer of debt to finance our investment in original content as we balance our cash needs with the carrying cost of interest expense. Reference For quick reference, our eight most recent investor letters are: October 2016, July 2016, April 2016, ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ January, 2016, October 2015, July 2015, April 2015, January 2015. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Summary In 2016, we launched globally (excluding China) and made good progress. But there remains a lot to learn to make Netflix as popular abroad as it is in the US. January 18th, 2017 Earnings Interview Reed Hastings, David Wells and Ted Sarandos will participate in a live video interview today at 2:00 p.m. Pacific Time at youtube.com/netflixir. The discussion will be moderated by Doug Mitchelson, UBS and ​​ ​ and Scott Devitt, Stifel. Questions that investors would like to see asked should be sent to ​ doug.mitchelson@ubs.com or swdevitt@stifel.com. ​​ ​ ​ IR Contact: PR Contact: Spencer Wang Jonathan Friedland Vice President, Finance & Investor Relations Chief Communications Officer 408 809-5360 310 734-2958 Use of Non-GAAP Measures This shareholder letter and its attachments include reference to the non-GAAP financial measure of net ​ income on a pro forma basis excluding the release of tax reserves, and to free cash flow and EBITDA. Management believes that the non-GAAP measure of net income on a pro forma basis excluding the ​ release of tax reserves provides useful information as this measure excludes effects that are not indicative of our core operating results. Management believes that free cash flow and EBITDA are important liquidity metrics because they measure, during a given period, the amount of cash generated that is available to repay debt obligations, make investments and for certain other activities or the amount of cash used in operations, including investments in global streaming content. However, these non-GAAP measures should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for or superior to, net ​ income, operating income, diluted earnings per share and net cash provided by operating activities, or other financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliation to the GAAP equivalent of these non-GAAP measures are contained in tabular form on the attached unaudited financial ​ statements. 5